# Add_DynatraceApplicationSecurityAttackSourceIpThreatIntelligence
author: Dynatrace

This playbook uses the Dynatrace REST APIs to automatically add an attackers source IP address to Microsoft Threat Intelligence when an alert is generated by Microsoft Sentinel. You need a valid Dynatrace Tenant and Access Token, the token should have Read attacks (attacks.read) scope in order to use the playbook. To learn more about the Dynatrace platform [Start your free trial](https://www.dynatrace.com/trial)

** Prerequisites ** 
- Follow [these instructions](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/get-started/access-tokens#create-api-token) to generate a Dynatrace access token.
- [Important step]Store the Dynatrace Access Token as a secret in Azure Key vault and provide the key vault name during deployment.

** Post Install Notes:**

The Logic App creates and uses a Managed System Identity (MSI) to update the Microsoft Sentinel Incident. 

Assign RBAC 'Microsoft Sentinel Reader' role to the Logic App at the Resource Group level of the Log Analytics Workspace.

Assign access policy on key vault for Playbook to fetch the secret key

To create new Threat Indicators for Microsoft Threat Intelligence we leverage the Microsoft Graph Security connector, please ensure you meet the prerequisites to connect with The [Microsoft Graph Security connector](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/connectors/microsoftgraphsecurity/#prerequisites-to-connect-with-the-microsoft-graph-security-connector)

Basic steps for the Microsoft Graph Security connector permissions are as follows :

1. Perform role assignment for the playbook managed indentity, assign the ThreatIndicators.ReadWrite.OwnedBy permission  

    # Install the AzureAD PowerShell module
    # Install-Module AzureAD
    $TenantID="[YOUR AZURE ACTIVE DIRECTORY TENANT ID]"
    $GraphAppId = "00000003-0000-0000-c000-000000000000"
    $DisplayNameOfMSI="[PLAYBOOK IDENTITY NAME]"
    $PermissionName = "ThreatIndicators.ReadWrite.OwnedBy"
    Connect-AzureAD -TenantId $TenantID
    $MSI = (Get-AzureADServicePrincipal -Filter "displayName eq '$DisplayNameOfMSI'")
    Start-Sleep -Seconds 10
    $GraphServicePrincipal = Get-AzureADServicePrincipal -Filter "appId eq '$GraphAppId'"
    $AppRole = $GraphServicePrincipal.AppRoles | Where-Object {$_.Value -eq $PermissionName -and $_.AllowedMemberTypes -contains "Application"}
    New-AzureAdServiceAppRoleAssignment -ObjectId $MSI.ObjectId -PrincipalId $MSI.ObjectId -ResourceId $GraphServicePrincipal.ObjectId -Id $AppRole.Id

2. Grant Admin Consent for MicrosoftGraphSecurityConnector application
2.1 Navigate to 'https://login.microsoftonline.com/[YOUR AZURE ACTIVE DIRECTORY TENANT ID]/adminconsent?client_id=c4829704-0edc-4c3d-a347-7c4a67586f3c'
2.2 Accept the requested permissions


## Initial Setup

Logic App is utilitzed by Automation rules. You must setup an Automation rule. Go to the Automation Rules blade in Azure Sentinel. 

If you have not set permissions yet, [review here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sentinel/automate-incident-handling-with-automation-rules#permissions-for-automation-rules-to-run-playbooks)