# Overview
## What is MITRE ATT&CK?
MITRE ATT&CK® is a globally-accessible knowledge base of adversary tactics and techniques based on real-world observations. The ATT&CK knowledge base is used as a foundation for the development of specific threat models and methodologies in the private sector, in government, and in the cybersecurity product and service community. The MITRE ATT&CK Cloud Matrix provides tactics and techniques representing the MITRE ATT&CK® Matrix for Enterprise covering cloud-based techniques. The Matrix contains information for the following platforms: Azure AD, Office 365, SaaS, IaaS. For more information, see the 💡 [MITRE ATT&CK: Cloud Matrix](https://attack.mitre.org/matrices/enterprise/cloud/).

## Disclaimer
The Azure Sentinel MITRE ATT&CK Workbook demonstrates best practice guidance, but Microsoft does not guarantee nor imply coverage. All MITRE ATT&CK requirements, validations, and controls are governed by 💡 [MITRE ATT&CK](https://attack.mitre.org/). This workbook provides visibility and situational awareness for security capabilities delivered with Microsoft technologies in predominantly cloud-based environments. Customer experience will vary by user and some panels may require additional configurations for operation. Tactic cards do not imply coverage of respective tactics as they are often one of several courses of action for approaching requirements which are unique to each customer. Recommendations should be considered a starting point for planning full or partial coverage of respective areas.

# Basics
MITRE ATT&CK® is a globally-accessible knowledge base of adversary tactics and techniques based on real-world observations. The ATT&CK knowledge base is used as a foundation for the development of specific threat models and methodologies in the private sector, in government, and in the cybersecurity product and service community. The MITRE ATT&CK Cloud Matrix provides tactics and techniques representing the MITRE ATT&CK® Matrix for Enterprise covering cloud-based techniques. The Matrix contains information for the following platforms: Azure AD, Office 365, SaaS, IaaS. For more information, see the 💡 [MITRE ATT&CK: Cloud Matrix](https://attack.mitre.org/matrices/enterprise/cloud/).

# Workbooks
Threat modeling is an advanced cybersecurity discipline requiring detailed knowledge of identifying and acting on the attacker based on observation of indicators in various stages of the attack cycle. This offering provides granular situational awareness across the MITRE ATT&CK for Cloud Matrix including 75+ Tactic/Technique cards. This offering augments the advanced cybersecurity skillsets required for threat modeling and provides actionable insights across 25+ Microsoft products. 

