# LastPass Solution for Azure Sentinel
This repository contains all resources for the LastPass Azure Sentinel Solution.
The LastPass Solution is built in order to easily integrate LastPass with Azure Sentinel.

By deploying this solution, you'll be able to monitor activity within LastPass and be alerted when potential security events arise.
The solution consists out of the following resources:
- A data connector using an Azure App Service to go out to the LastPass API.
- One workbook to visualize some of the activity within LastPass
- Hunting Queries to look into potential security events
- Analytic Rules to generate alerts and incidents when potential malicious events happen

## Data Connector Deployment
The data connector will retrieve the LastPass Activity data through the LastPass Enterprise API.

Authentication is done through a LastPass Provisioning Hash API key which can be generated by a LastPass administrator by following the steps in the following [How To Article](https://support.logmeininc.com/lastpass/help/use-the-lastpass-provisioning-api-lp010068).

An ARM template is provided to easily deploy all of the components for the data connector, this includes:
- The Key Vault used to store the credentials for both the Log Analytics workspace and the LastPass API key
- An App Configuration which contains the configuration variables.
- An App Services which contains one C# Azure Functions which pulls data from the LastPass API.



## Workbook
The workbook contains visualizations about the activity within LastPass and provides an overview of the user activity.
This allows you to identify user with a high amount of activity.

Besides user activity, the sign-ins logs are correlated to point out sign-ins which were done from previously unknown IPs and admin activity is surfaced.

The workbook can be deployed by creating an empty workbook and adding the data from the Gallery template.

## Hunting
- Login into LastPass from a previously unknown IP.
- Failed sign-ins into LastPass due to MFA.
- Password moved to shared folders

## Analytic Rules
The solution currently includes five analytic rules:
- TI map IP entity to LastPass data
- Highly Sensitive Password Accessed
- Failed sign-ins into LastPass due to MFA
- Employee account deleted
- Unusual Volume of Password Updated or Removed