# Overview

## What is Zero Trust?
Instead of assuming everything behind the corporate firewall is safe, the Zero Trust model assumes breach and verifies each request as though it originates from an open network. Regardless of where the request originates or what resource it accesses, Zero Trust teaches us to “never trust, always verify”. Every access request is fully authenticated, authorized, and encrypted before granting access. Microsegmentation and least privileged access principles are applied to minimize lateral movement. Rich intelligence and analytics are utilized to detect and respond to anomalies in real time. Zero Trust principles include verify explicitly, use least privileged access, and assume breach. Zero Trust pillars include identities, endpoints, data, apps, infrastructure, and network. For more information, see the 💡 [Microsoft Zero Trust Model](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/security/business/zero-trust).

## What is Trusted Internet Connections (TIC 3.0)?
The Trusted Internet Connections (TIC) initiative, since its establishment in 2007, has moved the government from a period of uncontrolled and unmonitored internet connections to a controlled state, reducing the .GOV’s attack surface. In accordance with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Memorandum (M) 19-26: Update to the TIC Initiative, TIC 3.0 expands on the original initiative to drive security standards and leverage advances in technology to secure a wide spectrum of agency network architectures. This new version of TIC is highly iterative, which means the guidance will better reflect modern processes and technological innovations compared to previous iterations of the program. TIC 3.0 recognizes shifts in modern cybersecurity and pushes agencies toward adoption, while recognizing their challenges and constraints in modernizing IT infrastructure. For more information, see the CISA: Trusted Internet Connections 💡 [Core Guidance Documents](https://www.cisa.gov/trusted-internet-connections).

# Basics
The Azure Sentinel Zero Trust (TIC3.0) Workbook provides a mechanism for viewing log queries aligned to Zero Trust and Trusted Internet Connections models across the Microsoft portfolio including Microsoft security offerings, Office 365, Teams, Intune, Windows Virtual Desktop and many more. This workbook enables Security Architects, Engineers, SecOps Analysts, Managers, and IT Pros to gain situational awareness visibility for the security posture of cloud workloads. There are also recommendations for selecting, designing, deploying, and configuring Microsoft offerings for alignment with respective security best practice. 

# Workbooks
The Azure Sentinel Zero Trust (TIC3.0) Workbook provides a mechanism for viewing log queries aligned to Zero Trust and Trusted Internet Connections models across the Microsoft portfolio including Microsoft security offerings, Office 365, Teams, Intune, Windows Virtual Desktop and many more. This workbook enables Security Architects, Engineers, SecOps Analysts, Managers, and IT Pros to gain situational awareness visibility for the security posture of cloud workloads. There are also recommendations for selecting, designing, deploying, and configuring Microsoft offerings for alignment with respective security best practice. 

# Analytics Rules
The Azure Sentinel Zero Trust (TIC3.0) Analytics rules leverage Azure Security Center Regulatory Compliance mappings (Derived from NIST SP 800-53 and Azure Security Benchmark Baselines) to measure Zero Trust posture alignment across (11) TIC3.0 control families. The default configuration is set for scheduled rules running every 7 days to reduce alert overload. The default configuration is to alert when posture compliance is below 70% and this number is configurable per organizational requirements. 

# Playbooks
The Azure Sentinel Zero Trust (TIC3.0) Solution includes a Playbook Automation for Security Orchestration Automation & Response (SOAR). This playbook is triggered when an Azure Sentinel incident is generated, resulting in an email and Teams chat to the Security Governance Team including respective details of the event and remediation options. Note, this automation requires configuration for Security Governance Team group email address and Teams channel. There is also a requirement to configure this automation rule to trigger for each Zero Trust (TIC3.0) Analytics Rule to ensure the governance team is notified for remediation accordingly. 

## Disclaimer
The Azure Sentinel Zero Trust (TIC 3.0) Workbook demonstrates best practice guidance, but Microsoft does not guarantee nor imply compliance. All TIC requirements, validations, and controls are governed by the 💡 [Cybersecurity & Infrastructure Security Agency](https://www.cisa.gov/trusted-internet-connections). This workbook provides visibility and situational awareness for control requirements delivered with Microsoft technologies in predominantly cloud-based environments. Customer experience will vary by user and some panels may require additional configurations and query modification for operation. Recommendations do not imply coverage of respective controls as they are often one of several courses of action for approaching requirements which is unique to each customer. Recommendations should be considered a starting point for planning full or partial coverage of respective control requirements.