# Overview
## What is the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification?
The Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) model consists of maturity processes and cybersecurity best practices from multiple cybersecurity standards, frameworks, and other references, as well as inputs from the Defense Industrial Base (DIB) and Department of Defense (DoD stakeholders. The CMMC model specifies 5 levels of maturity measurement from Maturity Level 1 (Basic Cyber Hygiene) to Maturity Level 5 (Proactive & Advanced Cyber Practice). For more information, see the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition & Sustainment 💡[CMMC Model](https://www.acq.osd.mil/cmmc/draft.html).

## Disclaimer
The Azure Sentinel CMMC Solution demonstrates best practice guidance, but Microsoft does not guarantee nor imply compliance. All accreditation requirements and decisions are governed by the 💡 [CMMC Accreditation Body](https://www.cmmcab.org/c3pao-lp). This workbook provides visibility and situational awareness for control requirements delivered with Microsoft technologies in predominantly cloud-based environments. Customer experience will vary by user and some panels may require additional configurations and query modification for operation. Recommendations do not imply coverage of respective controls as they are often one of several courses of action for approaching requirements which is unique to each customer. Recommendations should be considered a starting point for planning full or partial coverage of respective control requirements. 

# Getting Started
This Solution is designed to augment staffing through automation, artificial intelligence, machine learning, query/alerting generation, and visualizations. This workbook leverages Azure Policy, Azure Resource Graph, and Azure Log Analytics to align with Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification control requirements. A filter set is available for custom reporting by guides, subscriptions, workspaces, time-filtering, control family, and maturity level. This offering telemetry from 50+ Microsoft Security products, while only Azure Sentinel/Azure Security Center are required to get started, each offering provides additional enrichment for aligning with control requirements. Each CMMC control includes a Control Card detailing an overiew of requirements, primary/secondary controls, deep-links to referenced product pages/portals, recommendations, implementation guides, compliance cross-walks and tooling telemetry for building situational awareness of cloud workloads. 
💡 [Deploy Azure CMMC Blueprint](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/governance/blueprints/samples/cmmc-l3)<br>
💡 [Onboard Azure Sentinel](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sentinel/quickstart-onboard)<br>
💡 [Onboard Azure Security Center](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-get-started)<br>
💡 [Add the Azure Security Center: CMMC Assessment to Your Dashboard](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/update-regulatory-compliance-packages#add-a-regulatory-standard-to-your-dashboard)<br>
💡 [Continuously Export Security Center Data to Log Analytics Workspace](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/continuous-export)<br>
💡 [Extend Azure Sentinel Across Workspaces and Tenants](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sentinel/extend-sentinel-across-workspaces-tenants)<br>

# Workbook
The Azure Sentinel CMMC Workbook provides a mechanism for viewing log queries, azure resource graph, and policies aligned to CMMC controls across the Microsoft portfolio including Microsoft security offerings, Office 365, Teams, Intune, Windows Virtual Desktop and many more. This workbook enables Security Architects, Engineers, SecOps Analysts, Managers, and IT Pros to gain situational awareness visibility for the security posture of cloud workloads. There are also recommendations for selecting, designing, deploying, and configuring Microsoft offerings for alignment with respective CMMC requirements and practices.

# Analytics
The Azure Sentinel CMMC Analytics rules include 10 Alerts designed to monitor CMMC compliance posture. The Alerts are organized by CMMC Control Family and leverage the Azure Security Center: SecurityRecommendation data source. Organziations can customize these alerts for time, subscription, workspace, maturity level, and compliance thresholds. These analytics allow security practictioners to actively monitor/alert on changes to CMMC compliance posture. 